Update 20230323-transaction-fee.md (#265)
onflow/flips: governance/20230323-transaction-fee.md

- *Surge = 1.0 (currently constant);*
- *Execution Effort is variable based on transaction type, as [shown here](https://github.com/onflow/flow/blob/c05d847adf2f6fb509e42c17020484d7dd3e89bd/flips/20220111-execution-effort.md).*

**The proposal** entails the addition of a new multiplier, alongside the surge multiplier, to the transaction fee calculation, resulting in the following formula:

**Transaction fee = {inclusion fee + (execution effort * unit cost)} x surge x T**
 

> - Presently, the Flow network fundamentally supports the dynamic adjustment of transaction fees in response to network congestion. The surge factor ('S') facilitates fee modifications during congested periods, ensuring optimal network functionality. Although currently fixed at 1.0, adjustments to this value may be proposed through a FLIP in response to sustained periods of high network demand and saturation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Presently, the Flow network fundamentally supports the dynamic adjustment of transaction fees in response to network congestion. The surge factor ('S') facilitates fee modifications during periods of network congestion, ensuring optimal network functionality. Although currently fixed at `1.0`, adjustments to this value can be proposed through a FLIP in response to sustained periods of high network demand and saturation.
```

> - Introducing a Transaction Fee Multiplier ('T') alongside the existing surge factor would additionally enhance the adaptability and responsiveness of transaction fees to economic conditions. Additionally, it would cater to future requirements for adjusting the unit cost of transactions on Flow, while also ensuring transparency, ease of understanding, and readability of the formula for our community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- While the surge factor accounts for network usage, it is agnostic of economic conditions. Introducing a Transaction Fee Multiplier (`T`) alongside the existing surge factor would enhance the adaptability and responsiveness of transaction fees to economic conditions in addition to network saturation. It would cater to future requirements for adjusting the unit cost of transactions on Flow in response to market forces. Keeping the multiplier separate, ensures transparency, ease of understanding, and readability of the formula for our community members.
```

> - **The value of 'T' will be set at 100** to increase the transaction fee by 100 times compared to the current rate, thus increasing costs of each transaction by 100x as shown in the table below.

Reviewer: If you use `T` then the variable shows up like a formula. Consider using ` blocks instead of ' ones.

`T` vs 'T'
